he was going everybody today we have sub
ons Mighty Morphin Power Rangers power
coin packs there's 13 different little
pogs or little powered coins to collect
for the whole set and I have 20 of these
to open check it out here's the
packaging at least 1994 so it's like a
mystery pack I have no idea which ones
are in here and I don't think there's
any special chase versions of anything I
just think it's straight-up 13 different
coins to collect so anyway let's start
tearing them open alright so I randomly
just grab every one here and we're gonna
see if we can tear these open and see
what is going on here I haven't opened
any of these yet so it's a big mystery
for me so inside we have how to play the
power coin POG milk cap game so there
are the instructions on how to play this
game and on the other side it reads have
fun with your power coin or power disc
keep looking for a power coin that says
winner alright so I wouldn't assume
there's anything that's a winner in here
is expired by now so we have a red foil
red red ranger and on the back you see a
dinosaur there that's kind of neat I
really like Andy next pack up let's see
what we get let's see we can put the
whole stuff together
so inside we have Ryan look at that so
yeah blue foil e and on the back it
reads say bounce uh Bonds vr troopers
alright another pack yes we're going to
do all 20 of these let's see we got here
and we have a lord zedd that's kind of
cool red and foil e alright oh and on
the back here we have the Mighty Morphin
Power Rangers logo cool the next one is
who do we get and there we go it is
another Ryan so there's a double so
we'll put him right there and here we go
another one you really awesome we got
the whole set and the next one is a jb
which is like a silver foil one and
we'll set him off the side there there
you go alright so this one feels a
little bit different inside we have oh
it's a little different there what are
we out here
well this is kind of closing a rainbow
color Mighty Morphin power disc it's all
hard plastic look at this this kind of
needs much different than the other ones
all right so that last one is kind of
cool let's see we get this one and we
have the yellow ranger and it's got like
a yellowish goldish foil to it coming in
here we go again another one this is
really fun I love doing this stuff
opening packs and stuff mystery packs
and another JB okay so now we have two
JB's okay all right right it was a
different one now
no more doubles look at that
another JB oh come on so no more doubles
please and thank you very much oh we got
something different here
we have the white ranger with the gold
foil that's nice got the cool lookin
sword going on and this is what it looks
like on the back look at that oh yeah so
it seems as though we have another power
disc major because this one feels thick
and heavy to see what this one looks
like okay so it's another power disc so
it looks just like the previous one
that's really cool look and I like these
now no more doubles you really awesome
get the whole set here and we have
another white ranger so it's looking
like the odds are we're not going to
complete the set but you know what these
are kind of cool ice no more doubles
please please please no more double
double double doubles and we have the
black Ranger finally hits different one
we'll set them right over here there you
go okay so now we have one two three
four five six seven eight different
points so we can get a 9th different one
and we have the yellow ranger so that's
a double so we'll put that one right
there alright we get down there in a few
packs left yeah what do we have and
another white ranger okay so we have
three white Rangers three JB's two
yellow Rangers two Ryan's all right lots
and lots of doubles here okay it feels
like a PowerPoint again
what's up and sure enough all right so
now we have three of these sohbats
doubles triples but they're they're
awesome yep so the odds are we're not
gonna get to set now so but that is okay
we'll have most of the set yellow ranger
so we have another yellow oh man okay in
the last three least a different maybe
there's some little short printed maybe
there's some that are more rare than the
other I don't know any of any of you who
collected these let me know check it out
so we got a new one Jeb JEB the dog cool
okay so yeah if anybody knows how to
play this game properly or knows if
there's any rare ones let me know down
in the comments section tell me all
about it and another power disc which is
like the coolest one out of the bunch so
yes now we have for these alright this
is the last pack here we go hopefully we
can get something different and what we
get when we get we have a red Ranger and
we already have a red ranger okay so we
got a double red ranger so all together
we got two red Rangers two Rhines three
yellow Rangers three JB's for power disc
and three white Rangers we got Jeb the
dog black Ranger and we have Lord Zito
is that right lord zedd sorry it's too
far away it's the Lord's then so there
you go that was kind of fun so I might
have to search some more of these out
and try to put the rest of the set
together thanks for watching everybody
hope you had fun take care see you next
time